---
layout: blog-post
og-title: Zanster Blog
og-type: blog
groups: blog-post

title: Almost... There!
description: Blog v3 is nearing its "Early Access" state
created-at: 13-April-2026 19:14:25
modified-at:
---

# {{ page.title }}

I didn't really work on the site for last week because uh.. very busy researching Spring Anime 2026<sup>[ref](https://myanimelist.net/anime/season/2026/spring)</sup>. This post is supposed to be for last week too, but you didn't hear that from me, ya hear me?

## Site

I'm happy with the progger. The most recent addition is the blog section on home. Before that, I worked on the blog post layout. Main difficulty was styling the table of contents that is generated by Jekyll since you can't modify how it generates. The rest is pretty chill with the tweaked Sekibanki gif background. Might change them with something else but not sure of any good replacement yet. The [Blog](/blog) section itself isn't finished but for now it's workable.

All that left is a finishing touch to the Blog page, add the real first blog post, maybe add my gist stuff on File page, and finally tie everything to the Home page like the blog section thingie. Then I can declare finish line and add more roadmap (it's all in my head). Speaking of, I need to update the [v3 Notes](https://github.com/Kurover/kurover.github.io/blob/main/Version-3.md), it's molding right there.

## Anime??

Might as well talk about it. Bunch of interesting anime this season. Last one I didn't really watch much since there's not really any new anime that sparks me, even as a resident raccoon, the trash one is especially bad.

This season we have a trending Witch<sup>[ref](https://myanimelist.net/anime/51553/Tongari_Boushi_no_Atelier)</sup> anime, fantastic. It's like maho shoujo but the contract is a book and a pen. Even with 2 episode, I'm inclined to put this show above Silent Witch. Silent has better loli MC but damn the story is subpar it make want to watch "ok" anime instead.

For the trash; looking forward to Kanteishi<sup>[ref](https://myanimelist.net/anime/62825/Saikyou_no_Shokugyou_wa_Yuusha_demo_Kenja_demo_Naku_Kanteishi_Kari_Rashii_desu_yo)</sup>. It's aware of itself being trash. MC is your typical airhead shota, not unlike that shota magic anime with thick thighs and has 2 season by now (I forgot the name, cool anime though).

Villainess anime, my achilles heel, watching them all. Observation<sup>[ref](https://myanimelist.net/anime/61687/Jishou_Akuyaku_Reijou_na_Konyakusha_no_Kansatsu_Kiroku)</sup> is the peak. They somehow made the "route" as the "main character" with how the actual main casts perform as a.. character to tell how the story goes (?), can't quite explain it, check it yourself! I haven't watched 1st season of Heretic<sup>[ref](https://myanimelist.net/anime/61687/Jishou_Akuyaku_Reijou_na_Konyakusha_no_Kansatsu_Kiroku)</sup> anime yet though, maybe I should start there for now.

Also, Temu Natsume Yuujinchou??<sup>[ref](https://myanimelist.net/anime/62050/Kami_no_Niwatsuki_Kusunoki-tei)</sup> It's below Natsume overall but the coziness is nice. The OP and ED is gorgeus, most of the budget went there I feel like, lol.

Lots of other list I haven't watched but on the radar. These days I felt like waiting 3-4 episode before I commit the weekly.