---
layout: blog-post
og-title: Zanster Blog
og-type: blog
groups: blog-post

title: CSOS Initialized
description: Finishing the customization simulator
created-at: 2026-03-16T02:35:55+0700
modified-at:
---

# Cascading Style What Now?

After a long while, I finally finished (enough) the CSOS. Ever since I made the little cursor preview back at v2, I always wanted to make a "full-screen cursor tester". Of course the current iteration isn't full-screen but it gives enough space and vibe for it to be the best cursor tester ever!

There were a couple of challenges, mainly on deciding on how it works. It ended up pretty simple, relatively speaking. A container, split into 2, the desktop and taskbar. Taskbar override everything to make it easier in the z-index department and whatever in the desktop is whatever I prioritize the user to look. The Start menu is just a window with menus, I didn't really bother making it look like actual windows Start menu since idk what to put there lol.

Most of the system are similar to the gallery accordion, the entries are data driven too. I did try making the Start Menu button to be `:focus` centered but it has its own can-of-worm issue, I touched it a bit in the lab css file.

The window system is pretty limited. I managed to make a draggable version via scrollbar size manipulation but it's only doable in chrome so I decided not to go full ham with it, which is why it's only on Rumia gif.

The background selector isn't finished yet. It's not a priority either so I think I'll sit back on this for a bit now.

All in all, very happy with the result. It's such a silly project for the amount of confusion in inflicts on me writing it. The only bummer is I couldn't really make it keyboard-nav friendly. I think I know the solution to it but it requires me to spam `:has` like a madman, ain't touching that.