---
layout: blog
og-title: Zanster Blog
og-type: blog
groups: blog-post

title: Super First Main Blog Entry
alias: Super First Main Blog Entry
description: A test entry to test out things so it tests well, well enough!
created-at: 2-April-2026
modified-at: 2-April-2026 18:00:37

groups: blog
order: 0
---

<section markdown="block" class="wrapper blog-wrapper font-alternative">
{% include blog-toc.md %}

# {{ page.title }}
{: #main |: .no_toc}
{% include blog-date.html %}

Oh, hi there! Currently you can see this. Once everything is fine and dandy, this entry will be missing in action. If you got the link, tried 000 on the link, or (filthy) you who're looking at the source repository, you should still be able to acces this page! It may or may not get occassional update, don't count on it.

Since we are here now, would be shame if I don't spam words for a couple of minute, eh? This one won't be as "chunky" as advertised in the front page. So yeah, clickbait!

## Blog Page Status & Goal
2026-04-02T16:35:30+0700
{: .caption}

The page is coming along nicely. I'll need a custom obnoxious border (none at creation time) and other background image ([this gif](/img/blog/banki-solo--px.gif) at creation time) later on.

Using Rubik is dead set. I've been reading a test blog (snippets of the old one with this style) between 04b and Rubik back 'n forth. Aand Rubik is just superior and comfier for long read. The color update from last month helps Rubik more than 04b too, so there's that.

Loving the Table of Content mechanism, especially desktop. There's a certain width between mobile and desktop that make it look basic for technical reasons, but that size shouldn't be common for me to prioritize styling it.

## Jekyll (Blog) Posts
I've avoided it before due to disagreeing with their link structure (site.com/2026/01/01/title) which is a very pety reason but now after gaining more knowledge points and the ability to hack through it in order to circumvent it, I'm a convert! In the past, when I made the blog post, I had to write it down in Obsidian then convert it to HTML. Then I have to reconfigure attachments yadayada in short it was tedious in wrong reasons.

Now I just need to throw in sentences and everything is mostly setup. No need to assign ID on header for table of contents, heck I don't even need to create table of contents! Finger crossed that the current foundation/template is good enough, I don't have to edit anything after.

## Uguu~~
There's a lot to say but I'll save it for the real (fake) first blog post ever. See you there in the future!

</section>